[[!toc  startlevel=2 levels=2]]

##Packaging

###Introduction 
The packages on debian-backports are made by volunteers. If you
like to help with backporting packages from the Debian archive, make sure you
follow these guidelines. 

##Uploading

###Debian Developers

All Debian Developers (DD) can get their uid into the backports ACL. If
you want to get include please open a ticket in the debian [request
tracker](https://rt.debian.org/Ticket/Create.html?Queue=20)
- please use the backports queue for the ticket. (See
[wiki](http://wiki.debian.org/rt.debian.org) for more information about the
request tracker). Once your UID is added, wait an hour for the cronjob to import your upload rights and you can start uploading.

The upload happens in the same way as normal uploads to the archive happens,
just the distribution have to match one of the backports distributions (squeeze-backports, 
squeeze-backports-sloppy, wheezy-backports, jessie-backports)

**The special host in dupload/dput that was needed in the past is now obsolete and doesn't work
anymore.**

###Debian Maintainers

Debian Maintainers (DM) can also get their uid into the backports ACL.
Please follow the instructions for Debian Developers.

Please note that:

* Any upload of a package that has to pass through the backports NEW
  queue (e.g. package not already in that specific backports suite,
  package adds a new binary package, etc.) needs to be sponsored by a
  Debian Developer and cannot be done by a Debian Maintainer themselves.
  (Same as uploading to unstable.) Otherwise, DMs may upload directly.
* The Debian Maintainer needs to have upload rights for the specific
  package they want to upload to backports (the same right they need for
  uploading that package to unstable), otherwise the upload will not
  succeed. Therefore, if you are a DM that isn't also maintaining the
  package in unstable, please talk to the regular maintainer first before
  requesting upload rights for that package. (It is considered good
  practice to inform the maintainer regardless, see below.) See the
  [DebianMaintainer page in the Debian wiki](https://wiki.debian.org/DebianMaintainer#Granting_Permissions)
  for instructions for DDs on how to give upload rights to DMs.

###Non Debian Developer

If you are not a Debian Developer, please upload your backport somewhere
(binaries and sources, e.g. to mentors.debian.net), post a link to its .dsc
file on <debian-backports@lists.debian.org> and ask for review and upload.

### Some important note

Please note, that you are responsible for this backport from the time on when
it was accepted on debian-backports. This means, you have to keep track of the
changes in unstable, update your backport when a new version enters testing and
provide security updates when needed. If you are not willing or capable of
doing this, you better ask someone else (e.g. on the mentioned mailing list) to
create and maintain the backport. 

###Supported Distributions

The following distributions are supported for backports. Please don't use
unstable or stable as target distribution.

| Source Distribution | Backports Distribution                      | Version suffix       |
|---------------------|---------------------------------------------|----------------------|
| wheezy              | squeeze-backports-sloppy                    | ~bpo60+1             |
| jessie              | wheezy-backports or squeeze-backports-sloppy| ~bpo70+1 or ~bpo60+1 |
| stretch             | jessie-backports or wheezy-backports-sloppy | ~bpo8+1 or ~bpo7+1   |


###Basic Rules 

* [Subscribe to the backports mailing list](http://lists.debian.org/debian-backports/). Every announcement and bug report should come over this mailing list, so this is a must.
* Make sure that you have a proper build environment that only contains the suite for which the backport is for (e.g. jessie if you want to upload to jessie-backports) and no unneeded backports. Maybe you want to consider pbuilder or cowbuilder for building packages.
* Append "~bpo${debian_release}+${build_int}" to the version number, e.g. "1.2.3-4" now becomes "1.2.3-4~bpo8+1", or for native packages, "1.2.3" becomes "1.2.3~bpo8+1". For packages to wheezy-backports stick to 70 for the debian_release, which would become 1.2.3~bpo70+1 in our example. wheezy-backports-sloppy also uses 7 instead of 70.
* Please only upload package with a notable userbase. User request for the package may be an indicator.
* Don't backport minor version changes without any user visible changes or bugfixes
* To guarantee an upgrade path from stable+backports to the next stable, the
package should be in testing.. Of course there are some exceptions: Security
updates. If your package had a security update you can upload a new backport
even if its not yet in testing. If you have good reasons to update a package
which is already is in backports with a newer version from unstable (which is
intended for testing), come and speak to us. Common exceptions are: critical
bugs fixed, library transitions.
* Do not do any changes to the package beside of backporting stuff.
* It is recommended to include all changelog entries since the last version on
  debian-backports or since stable if it's the first version. You should do
  this by passing "-v<version>" to dpkg-buildpackage. Eg: "debuild -v0.7.5-2",
  where "0.7.5-2" is the version in stable. If the package wasn't in stable or
  backports before you don't have include the changelog entries (but you are
  free to do so). It helps others to follow the changes introduced with the
  backport (by reading the changes mailing list).
* Before uploading please think about how useful the package is for stable
users and if you want to support the package until support for the distribution
you uploaded ends.
* Backports of an updated version of a package that was backported before
  *may* have a changelog that merges entries of backports of previous versions,
  but this is **not required**.
* If the packages lists a VCS in the debian/control file, please ask the maintainer
of the package to add your changes there, or ask for permission to do it yourself.


If you feel you would need to diverge from these rules, either discuss it on the [mailing list](http://lists.debian.org/debian-backports/) or bring it up with the [Backports Team](mailto:backports-team@debian.org) for an exception.


###Uploads for old-stable backports

With the release of a new stable version uploading packages with versions greater than in new stable or
new stable-security are not allowed. If you want newer package versions in old-stable-backports we created a 
new suite for that: old-stable-backports-sloppy. So if you want to upload a package from jessie to squeeze-backports 
use squeeze-backports-sloppy as distribution and for packages from stretch for
wheezy, use wheezy-backports-sloppy as target distribution.

###Additionally

* Do not lower the standards version, it is just useless.
* Do not add lintian/linda overrides to suppress the 'wrong-distribution'
warnings.
* Do always look at the interdiff between the testing version and the backports
version, keep in mind that it should be as minimal as possible.
* Do write good changelogs and document all changes you needed to do in order
to make it run on stable.

##Security Uploads

If you upload a package which fixes security related problems please send a gpg inline signed
mail to the [debian-backports-announce mailing list](http://lists.debian.org/debian-backports-announce). 

In advance ask <backports-team@debian.org> for a new BSA number. 

Your mail should follow this template:

    Subject: [BSA-XXX] Security Update for <packagename>
      
    <Uploader> uploaded new packages for <packagename> which fixed the
    following security problems:
    
    CVE-XXXX or whatever ID if existant
      short description 
      ...
    CVE-.... 
      ....

    For the jessie-backports distribution the problems have been fixed in
    version <packageversion>.

    <other distributions if any> 
  
The mailing list is moderated so please be a little bit patient if your post does not appear immediately on the list. 


##Best Practice

###Check NEW queue

Check the NEW queue at <http://ftp-master.debian.org/backports-new.html> to avoid
double efforts before you start to backport something. 

###Inform the Maintainer 

It is a good idea to contact the maintainer of the package in Debian prior to
your upload to let them know or even share ideas and common pitfalls (like
special dependencies). If you are not already
[subscribed](http://lists.debian.org/debian-backports) to
<debian-backports@lists.debian.org>, please do so. There might be
questions/problems from users regarding your backport(s) which you can answer
best and hopefully solve. Also it is adviced to subscribe to the bug reports for
the package through the [PTS](http://packages.qa.debian.org/) to be notified
about issues that potential affect the backport too and would be a good reason
to update the backports.

###Inform the Backporter 

If there is already a backport of your package of choice but it's outdated and you want to update it please inform the person who backported the last accepted version about your intentions. You can get the information from <http://backports.debian.org/changes/jessie-backports.html>

###Uploaders

If you put yourself into the Uploaders: field in debian/control you can easily
track your backports on the package overview at
<http://qa.debian.org/developer.php>. Alternatively you can use the
[subscribe feature](http://qa.debian.org/developer.php#subscribe) of the DDPO
to have them listed.
