##Frequently Asked Questions

**Q: Where shall I report bugs I found in packages from backports to?**

A: Please report them to the
[debian-backports mailinglist](http://lists.debian.org/debian-backports/). The
Debian bugtracking system doesn't know anything about backports versions, and
sometimes the backporter isn't in the Debian packaging team so they might miss
the report.

**Q: When will the $arch build of $package be available?**

A: The packages are only uploaded by the backporter for their own architecture.
The rest of the architectures have to go through the build network and the logs
getting signed by the buildd admins. Those are often enough also busy with
other work (or if time permits real life), which might also add to a delay in
the uploads. You can check the status on the [Buildd Information
Page](http://buildd.debian.org/status/) of the used buildd network, just enter
your $package and don't forget to select the wheezy-backports suite from the
dropdown list. 

**Q: What about dist-upgrade from wheezy-backports to jessie?**

A: In general, backports.debian.org only has backports made from testing but with
reduced version numbers (apt considers ~ lower than -), therefore the upgrade
path from wheezy-backports to jessie is safe.

**Q: Is there security support for packages from backports.debian.org?**

A: Unfortunately not. This is done on a best effort basis by the people who
track the package, usually the ones who originally did upload the package into
backports. When security related bugs are fixed in Debian unstable the
backporter is permitted to upload the package from directly there instead of
having to wait until the fix hits testing. You can see the open issues for
[wheezy-backports](http://security-tracker.debian.org/tracker/status/release/stable-backports)
in the [security tracker](http://security-tracker.debian.org/) (though there
may be false positives too, the version compare isn't perfect yet) 

**Q: How to get a list of all installed backports?**

A: Something like the following solutions should work: 

    dpkg -l  |awk '/^ii/ && $3 ~ /bpo[6-8]/ {print $2}'

or

    aptitude search '?narrow(?version(CURRENT),?origin(Debian Backports))' -F '%100p'

**Q: Why are there no more backports of Mozilla products anymore?**

A: Backports of Mozilla products (Firefox, Thunderbird, Seamonkey; aka
Iceweasel, Icedove, Iceape) are maintained by the Debian Mozilla Team
independently on [mozilla.debian.net](http://mozilla.debian.net/),
because the offered variety of version exceeds what is possible within
the rules for Debian Backports as it e.g. includes backports of
packages not yet in testing or beta and even alpha releases.
