	      Dear users of the backports service!

	 The Backports Team is pleased to announce the next important step
	on getting backports more integrated.  People who are reading
	debian-infrastructure-announce[1] will have seen that there was an
	archive maintenance last weekend: starting with wheezy-backports the
	packages will be accessible from the regular pool instead of a separate
	one.


	== For Users ==

	 What exactly does that mean for you?  For users of wheezy, the
	sources.list entry will be different, a simple substitute of squeeze
	for wheezy won't work.  The new format is:

	 deb http://ftp.debian.org/debian/ wheezy-backports main

	 So it is debian instead of debian-backports, and offered through the
	regular mirror network.  Feel invited to check your regular mirror if
	it carries backports and pull from there.

	For squeeze nothing changed.

	deb http://backports.debian.org/debian-backports/ squeeze-backports(-sloppy) main

	continues to work for the whole squeeze lifetime.

	== For Contributers ==

	 Please read the mail to debian-devel-announce[5] instead. :)

	 Just one thing mentioned here:  technically wheezy-backports and
	squeeze-backports-sloppy have been opened with this move too.  Only, the Buildd
	Team needs some days to set up the buildd network for the new suites, so please
	be a bit more patient.


	== Thanks ==

	 Finally, we want to thank the FTP-Master Team for their fine work on
	making this happen.

	 The documentation on backports-master[2] has been updated, and in
	case of any doubt or question, feel free to ask them on either the
	debian-backports mailinglist[3], or in case of sensitive topics ask
	us[4] directly.

