[[!meta date="2011-07-01 17:25:25 UTC"]]
	Christoph Göhre uploaded new packages for icedove which fixed the
	following security problems:

	CVE-2011-0083

	  Use-after-free vulnerability in the nsSVGPathSegList::ReplaceItem
	  function in the implementation of SVG element lists allows remote
	  attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) or
	  possibly execute arbitrary code via vectors involving a user-supplied
	  callback.

	CVE-2011-0085

	  Use-after-free vulnerability in the nsXULCommandDispatcher function
	  allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted XUL
	  document that dequeues the current command updater.

	CVE-2011-2362

	  Icedove do not distinguish between cookies for two domain names that
	  differ only in a trailing dot, which allows remote web servers to
	  bypass the Same Origin Policy via Set-Cookie headers.

	CVE-2011-2363

	  Use-after-free vulnerability in the nsSVGPointList::AppendElement
	  function in the implementation of SVG element lists allows remote
	  attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) or
	  possibly execute arbitrary code via vectors involving a user-supplied
	  callback.

	CVE-2011-2364, CVE-2011-2365, CVE-2011-2374, CVE-2011-2376

	  Unspecified vulnerability allows remote attackers to cause a denial
	  of service (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly
	  execute arbitrary code.

	CVE-2011-2371

	  Integer overflow in the Array.reduceRight method allows remote
	  attackers to execute arbitrary code via vectors involving a long
	  JavaScript Array object.

	CVE-2011-2373

	  Use-after-free vulnerability allows remote attackers to execute
	  arbitrary code via a crafted XUL document.

	CVE-2011-2377

	  Allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory
	  corruption and application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code
	  via a multipart/x-mixed-replace image.

	For the squeeze-backports distribution, these problems have been fixed
	in version 3.1.11-1~bpo60+1.

	For the testing distribution (wheezy), these problems has been fixed in
	version 3.1.11-1.

	For the unstable distribution (sid), these problems has been fixed in
	version 3.1.11-1.
