[[!meta date="2011-10-01 17:28:01 UTC"]]
	Mike Hommey uploaded new packages for iceweasel which fixed the following
	security problems:

	CVE-2011-2372

	   Mariusz Mlynski discovered that websites could open a download
	   dialog - which has "open" as the default action -, while a user
	   presses the ENTER key.

	CVE-2011-2995

	   Benjamin Smedberg, Bob Clary and Jesse Ruderman discovered crashes
	   in the rendering engine, which could lead to the execution of
	   arbitrary code.

	CVE-2011-2998

	   Mark Kaplan discovered an integer underflow in the javascript
	   engine, which could lead to the execution of arbitrary code.

	CVE-2011-2999

	   Boris Zbarsky discovered that incorrect handling of the
	   window.location object could lead to bypasses of the same-origin
	   policy.

	CVE-2011-3000

	   Ian Graham discovered that multiple Location headers might lead to
	   CRLF injection.

	For the oldstable distribution (lenny), this problem has been fixed in
	version 1.9.0.19-14 of the xulrunner source package. This update also
	marks the compromised DigiNotar root certs as revoked rather then
	untrusted.

	For the lenny-backports distribution the problems have been fixed in
	version 3.5.16-10~bpo50+1.

	For the stable distribution (squeeze), this problem has been fixed
	inversion 3.5.16-10. This update also marks the compromised DigiNotar
	root certs as revoked rather then untrusted.

	For the unstable distribution (sid), this problem has been fixed in
	version 7.0-1.

	Upgrade instructions
	--------------------

	If you don't use pinning (see [1]) you have to update the package
	manually via "apt-get -t lenny-backports install <packagelist>" with
	the packagelist of your installed packages affected by this update.
	[1] <http://backports.debian.org/Instructions>

	We recommend to pin (in /etc/apt/preferences) the backports repository
	to 200 so that new versions of installed  backports will be installed
	automatically.

	  Package: *
	  Pin: release a=lenny-backports
	  Pin-Priority: 200
