[[!meta date="2010-11-02 15:55:32 UTC"]]
	Alexander Reichle-Schmehl uploaded new packages for iceweasel which
	fixed the following security problems:

	CVE-2010-3174
	CVE-2010-3176
	        Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in
	        Iceweasel allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service
	        (memory corruption and application crash) or possibly execute
	        arbitrary code via unknown vectors.

	CVE-2010-3177
	        Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the
	        Gopher parser in Iceweasel allow remote attackers to inject
	        arbitrary web script or HTML via a crafted name of a (1) file
	        or (2) directory on a Gopher server.

	CVE-2010-3178
	        Iceweasel does not properly handle certain modal calls made by
	        javascript: URLs in circumstances related to opening a new
	        window and performing cross-domain navigation, which allows
	        remote attackers to bypass the Same Origin Policy via a
	        crafted HTML document.

	CVE-2010-3179
	        Stack-based buffer overflow in the text-rendering
	        functionality in Iceweasel allows remote attackers to execute
	        arbitrary code or cause a denial of service (memory corruption
	        and application crash) via a long argument to the
	        document.write method.

	CVE-2010-3180
	        Use-after-free vulnerability in the nsBarProp function in
	        Iceweasel allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by
	        accessing the locationbar property of a closed window.

	CVE-2010-3183
	        The LookupGetterOrSetter function in Iceweasel does not
	        properly support window.__lookupGetter__ function calls that
	        lack arguments, which allows remote attackers to execute
	        arbitrary code or cause a denial of service (incorrect pointer
	        dereference and application crash) via a crafted HTML
	        document.

	For the lenny-backports distribution the problems have been fixed in
	version 3.5.15-1~bpo50+1.

	Upgrade instructions
	--------------------

	If you don't use pinning (see [1]) you have to update the package
	manually via "apt-get -t lenny-backports install <packagelist>" with
	the packagelist of your installed packages affected by this update.
	[1] <http://backports.debian.org/Instructions>

	We recommend to pin (in /etc/apt/preferences) the backports repository
	to 200 so that new versions of installed  backports will be installed
	automatically.

	  Package: *
	  Pin: release a=lenny-backports
	  Pin-Priority: 200
