[[!meta date="2011-07-04 07:11:09 UTC"]]
	Mike Hommey uploaded new packages for iceweasel which fixed the
	following security problems:

	CVE-2011-0083 / CVE-2011-2363

	   "regenrecht" discovered two use-after-frees in SVG processing, which
	   could lead to the execution of arbitrary code.

	CVE-2011-0085

	   "regenrecht" discovered a use-after-free in XUL processing, which
	   could lead to the execution of arbitrary code.

	CVE-2011-2362

	   David Chan discovered that cookies were insufficiently isolated.

	CVE-2011-2371

	   Chris Rohlf and Yan Ivnitskiy discovered an integer overflow in the
	   Javascript engine, which could lead to the execution of arbitrary
	   code.

	CVE-2011-2373

	   Martin Barbella discovered a use-after-free in XUL processing,
	   which could lead to the execution of arbitrary code.

	CVE-2011-2374

	   Bob Clary, Kevin Brosnan, Nils, Gary Kwong, Jesse Ruderman and
	   Christian Biesinger discovered memory corruption bugs, which may
	   lead to the execution of arbitrary code.

	CVE-2011-2376

	   Luke Wagner and Gary Kwong discovered memory corruption bugs, which
	   may lead to the execution of arbitrary code.

	For the oldstable distribution (lenny), this problem has been fixed in
	version 1.9.0.19-12 of the xulrunner source package.

	For the lenny-backports distribution the problems have been fixed in
	version 3.5.16-8~bpo50+1.

	For the stable distribution (squeeze), this problem has been fixed in
	version 3.5.16-8.

	For the unstable distribution (sid), this problem has been fixed in
	version 5.0-1.

	Upgrade instructions
	--------------------

	If you don't use pinning (see [1]) you have to update the package
	manually via "apt-get -t lenny-backports install <packagelist>" with
	the packagelist of your installed packages affected by this update.
	[1] <http://backports.debian.org/Instructions>

	We recommend to pin (in /etc/apt/preferences) the backports repository to
	200 so that new versions of installed  backports will be installed
	automatically.

	  Package: *
	  Pin: release a=lenny-backports
	  Pin-Priority: 200
