[[!meta date="2013-06-20 20:20:26 UTC"]]
	Dominic Hargreaves uploaded new packages for request-tracker4 which
	fixed the following security problems:

	CVE-2012-4733

	    A user with the ModifyTicket right can bypass the DeleteTicket right
	    or any custom lifecycle transition rights and thus modify ticket data
	    without authorization.

	CVE-2013-3368

	    The rt command line tool uses semi-predictable temporary files. A
	    malicious user can use this flaw to overwrite files with permissions
	    of the user running the rt command line tool.

	CVE-2013-3369

	    A malicious user who is allowed to see administration pages can run
	    arbitrary mason components (without control of arguments), which may
	    have negative side-effects.

	CVE-2013-3370

	    Request Tracker allows direct requests to private callback
	    components, which could be used to exploit a Request Tracker
	    extension or a local callback which uses the arguments passed to it
	    insecurely.

	CVE-2013-3371

	    Request Tracker is vulnerable to cross-site scripting attacks via
	    attachment filenames.

	CVE-2013-3372

	    Dominic Hargreaves discovered that Request Tracker is vulnerable to
	    an HTTP header injection limited to the value of the
	    Content-Disposition header.

	CVE-2013-3373

	    Request Tracker is vulnerable to a MIME header injection in outgoing
	    email generated by Request Tracker.

	    Request Tracker stock templates are resolved by this update. But any
	    custom email templates should be updated to ensure that values
	    interpolated into mail headers do not contain newlines.

	CVE-2013-3374

	    Request Tracker is vulnerable to limited session re-use when using
	    the file-based session store, Apache::Session::File. However Request
	    Tracker's default session configuration only uses
	    Apache::Session::File when configured for Oracle databases.

	This version of Request Tracker includes a database content upgrade. If
	you are using a dbconfig-managed database, you will be offered the
	choice of applying this automatically. Otherwise see the explanation in
	/usr/share/doc/request-tracker4/NEWS.Debian.gz for the manual steps to
	perform.

	Please note that if you run request-tracker4 under the Apache web
	server, you must stop and start Apache manually. The "restart" mechanism
	is not recommended, especially when using mod_perl or any form of
	persistent perl process such as FastCGI or SpeedyCGI.

	For the squeeze-backports distribution the problems have been fixed in
	version 4.0.7-5+deb7u2~bpo60+1.
