[[!meta date="2011-07-04 14:46:56 UTC"]]
	Michael Tokarev uploaded new packages for qemu-kvm
	which fixed the following security issues:

	CVE-2011-0011

	   Setting the VNC password to an empty string silently disabled
	   all authentication.

	CVE-2011-1750

	   The virtio-blk driver performed insufficient validation of
	   read/write I/O from the guest instance, which could lead to
	   denial of service or privilege escalation.

	CVE-2011-1751

	   Incorrect memory handling during the removal of ISA devices in KVM
	   could lead to denial of service of the execution of arbitrary code.

	CVE-2011-2512

	   incorrect sanitising of virtio queue commands in KVM could
	   lead to denial of service of the execution of arbitrary code.

	CVE-2010-2784

	  The subpage MMIO initialization functionality in the subpage_register
	  function in exec.c in KVM does not properly select the index for
	  access to the callback array, which allows guest OS users to cause
	  a denial of service (guest OS crash) or possibly gain privileges via
	  unspecified vectors.

	For the lenny-backports distribution the problem has been fixed
	in version 0.12.5+dfsg-5+squeeze4~bpo50+1.

	Upgrade instructions
	--------------------

	If you don't use pinning (see [1]) you have to update the package
	manually via "apt-get -t lenny-backports install <packagelist>" with
	the packagelist of your installed packages affected by this update.
	[1] <http://backports.debian.org/Instructions>

	We recommend to pin (in /etc/apt/preferences) the backports repository
	to 200 so that new versions of installed  backports will be installed
	automatically.

	  Package: * Pin: release a=lenny-backports Pin-Priority: 200

	We recommend that you upgrade your qemu-kvm packages.
