[[!meta date="2014-02-15 10:31:23 UTC"]]
	intrigeri uploaded new packages for pidgin which fixed the following security
	problems:

	CVE-2013-6477
	  Jaime Breva Ribes discovered that a remote XMPP user can trigger a crash by
	  sending a message with a timestamp in the distant future.

	CVE-2013-6478
	  Pidgin could be crashed through overly wide tooltip windows.

	CVE-2013-6479
	  Jacob Appelbaum discovered that a malicious server or a "man in the middle"
	  could send a malformed HTTP header resulting in denial of service.

	CVE-2013-6481
	  Daniel Atallah discovered that Pidgin could be crashed through malformed
	  Yahoo! P2P messages.

	CVE-2013-6482
	  Fabian Yamaguchi and Christian Wressnegger discovered that Pidgin could be
	  crashed through malformed MSN messages.

	CVE-2013-6483
	  Fabian Yamaguchi and Christian Wressnegger discovered that Pidgin could be
	  crashed through malformed XMPP messages.

	CVE-2013-6484
	  It was discovered that incorrect error handling when reading the response from
	  a STUN server could result in a crash.

	CVE-2013-6485
	  Matt Jones discovered a buffer overflow in the parsing of malformed
	  HTTP responses.

	CVE-2013-6487
	  Yves Younan and Ryan Pentney discovered a buffer overflow when parsing
	  Gadu-Gadu messages.

	CVE-2013-6489
	  Yves Younan and Pawel Janic discovered an integer overflow when parsing
	  MXit emoticons.

	CVE-2013-6490
	  Yves Younan discovered a buffer overflow when parsing SIMPLE headers.

	CVE-2014-0020
	  Daniel Atallah discovered that Pidgin could be crashed via malformed
	  IRC arguments.

	For the squeeze-backports distribution the problems have been fixed in version
	2.10.9-1~bpo60+1.

	For the oldstable distribution (squeeze), no direct backport is provided.
	One should use the fixed package from squeeze-backports instead.

	For the stable distribution (wheezy), these problems have been fixed in version
	2.10.9-1~deb7u1.

	For the unstable distribution (sid), these problems have been fixed in version
	2.10.9-1.
