[[!meta date="2011-02-27 20:32:17 UTC"]]
	Rene Engelhard uploaded new packages for OpenOffice.org which fixed the
	following security problems:

	CVE-2010-3450
	     
	During an internal security audit within Red Hat, a directory
	traversal vulnerability has been discovered in the way       
	OpenOffice.org 3.1.1 through 3.2.1 processes XML filter files.  If
	a local user is tricked into opening a specially-crafted OOo XML  
	filters package file, this problem could allow remote attackers to
	create or overwrite arbitrary files belonging to local user or,   
	potentially, execute arbitrary code.                           

	CVE-2010-3451
	     
	During his work as a consultant at Virtual Security Research
	(VSR), Dan Rosenberg discovered a vulnerability in          
	OpenOffice.org's RTF parsing functionality.  Opening a maliciously
	crafted RTF document can caus an out-of-bounds memory read into   
	previously allocated heap memory, which may lead to the execution
	of arbitrary code.                                               

	CVE-2010-3452
	     
	Dan Rosenberg discovered a vulnerability in the RTF file parser
	which can be leveraged by attackers to achieve arbitrary code  
	execution by convincing a victim to open a maliciously crafted RTF
	file.

	CVE-2010-3453

	As part of his work with Virtual Security Research, Dan Rosenberg
	discovered a vulnerability in the WW8ListManager::WW8ListManager()
	function of OpenOffice.org that allows a maliciously crafted file
	to cause the execution of arbitrary code.

	CVE-2010-3454

	As part of his work with Virtual Security Research, Dan Rosenberg
	discovered a vulnerability in the WW8DopTypography::ReadFromMem()
	function in OpenOffice.org that may be exploited by a maliciously
	crafted file which allowins an attacker to control program flow
	and potentially execute arbitrary code.

	CVE-2010-3689

	Dmitri Gribenko discovered that the soffice script does not treat
	an empty LD_LIBRARY_PATH variable like an unset one, may lead to
	the execution of arbitrary code.

	CVE-2010-4253

	A heap based buffer overflow has been discovered with unknown impact.

	CVE-2010-4643

	A vulnerability has been discovered in the way OpenOffice.org
	handles TGA graphics which can be tricked by a specially crafted
	TGA file that could cause the program to crash due to a heap-based
	buffer overflow with unknown impact.

	For the lenny-backports distribution the problems have been fixed in
	version 1:3.2.1-11+squeeze2~bpo50+1.
	For the stable distribution (lenny), these problems have been fixed in
	version 1:2.4.1-1+lenny11.

	For the upcoming stable version (squeeze) and the unstable distribution
	(sid), these problems have been fixed in version 1:3.2.1-11+squeeze2.

	For the experimental distribution, these problems have been fixed in
	LibreOffice version 1:3.3.0~rc3-1.

	Upgrade instructions
	--------------------

	If you don't use pinning (see [1]) you have to update the package
	manually via "apt-get -t lenny-backports install <packagelist>" with
	the packagelist of your installed packages affected by this update.
	[1] <http://backports.debian.org/Instructions>

	We recommend to pin (in /etc/apt/preferences) the backports repository to
	200 so that new versions of installed backports will be installed
	automatically.

	Package: *
	Pin: release a=lenny-backports
	Pin-Priority: 200

