	Mike Hommey uploaded new packages for iceweasel which fixed the
	following security problems:

	CVE-2010-3776
	  Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in the browser engine in Mozilla
	  Firefox before 3.5.16 and 3.6.x before 3.6.13, Thunderbird before
	  3.0.11 and 3.1.x before 3.1.7, and SeaMonkey before 2.0.11 allow
	  remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and
	  application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown
	  vectors.

	CVE-2010-3778
	  Unspecified vulnerability in Mozilla Firefox 3.5.x before 3.5.16,
	  Thunderbird before 3.0.11, and SeaMonkey before 2.0.11 allows remote
	  attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption and
	  application crash) or possibly execute arbitrary code via unknown
	  vectors.

	CVE-2010-3769
	  The line-breaking implementation in Mozilla Firefox before 3.5.16 and
	  3.6.x before 3.6.13, Thunderbird before 3.0.11 and 3.1.x before 3.1.7,
	  and SeaMonkey before 2.0.11 on Windows does not properly handle long
	  strings, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a
	  crafted document.write call that triggers a buffer over-read.

	CVE-2010-3771
	  Mozilla Firefox before 3.5.16 and 3.6.x before 3.6.13, and SeaMonkey
	  before 2.0.11, does not properly handle injection of an ISINDEX
	  element into an about:blank page, which allows remote attackers to
	  execute arbitrary JavaScript code with chrome privileges via vectors
	  related to redirection to a chrome: URI.

	CVE-2010-3772
	  Mozilla Firefox before 3.5.16 and 3.6.x before 3.6.13, and SeaMonkey
	  before 2.0.11, does not properly calculate index values for certain
	  child content in a XUL tree, which allows remote attackers to execute
	  arbitrary code via vectors involving a DIV element within a
	  treechildren element.

	CVE-2010-3768
	  Mozilla Firefox before 3.5.16 and 3.6.x before 3.6.13, Thunderbird
	  before 3.0.11 and 3.1.x before 3.1.7, and SeaMonkey before 2.0.11 do
	  not properly validate downloadable fonts before use within an
	  operating system's font implementation, which allows remote attackers
	  to execute arbitrary code via vectors related to @font-face Cascading
	  Style Sheets (CSS) rules.

	CVE-2010-3775
	  Mozilla Firefox before 3.5.16 and 3.6.x before 3.6.13, and SeaMonkey
	  before 2.0.11, does not properly handle certain redirections involving
	  data: URLs and Java LiveConnect scripts, which allows remote attackers
	  to start processes, read arbitrary local files, and establish network
	  connections via vectors involving a refresh value in the http-equiv
	  attribute of a META element.

	CVE-2010-3766
	  Use-after-free vulnerability in Mozilla Firefox before 3.5.16 and
	  3.6.x before 3.6.13, and SeaMonkey before 2.0.11, allows remote
	  attackers to execute arbitrary code via vectors involving a change to
	  an nsDOMAttribute node.

	CVE-2010-3767
	  Integer overflow in the NewIdArray function in Mozilla Firefox before
	  3.5.16 and 3.6.x before 3.6.13, and SeaMonkey before 2.0.11, allows
	  remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a JavaScript array with
	  many elements.

	CVE-2010-3773
	  Mozilla Firefox before 3.5.16 and 3.6.x before 3.6.13, and SeaMonkey
	  before 2.0.11, when the XMLHttpRequestSpy module in the Firebug add-on
	  is used, does not properly handle interaction between the
	  XMLHttpRequestSpy object and chrome privileged objects, which allows
	  remote attackers to execute arbitrary JavaScript via a crafted HTTP
	  response. NOTE: this vulnerability exists because of an incomplete fix
	  for CVE-2010-0179.

	CVE-2010-3774
	  The NS_SecurityCompareURIs function in netwerk/base/public/nsNetUtil.h
	  in Mozilla Firefox before 3.5.16 and 3.6.x before 3.6.13, and
	  SeaMonkey before 2.0.11, does not properly handle (1) about:neterror
	  and (2) about:certerror pages, which allows remote attackers to spoof
	  the location bar via a crafted web site.

	CVE-2010-3770
	  Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the rendering
	  engine in Mozilla Firefox before 3.5.16 and 3.6.x before 3.6.13, and
	  SeaMonkey before 2.0.11, allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary
	  web script or HTML via (1) x-mac-arabic, (2) x-mac-farsi, or (3)
	  x-mac-hebrew characters.

	For the lenny-backports distribution the problems have been fixed in
	version 3.5.16-3~bpo50+1.

	For the stable distribution (lenny), these problems have been fixed in
	version 1.9.0.19-7.

	For the upcoming stable version (squeeze) and the unstable distribution
	(sid), these problems have been fixed in version 3.5.15-1.

	For the experimental distribution, these problems have been fixed in
	version 3.6.13-1.

	Upgrade instructions
	--------------------

	If you don't use pinning (see [1]) you have to update the package
	manually via "apt-get -t lenny-backports install <packagelist>" with
	the packagelist of your installed packages affected by this update.
	[1] <http://backports.debian.org/Instructions>

	We recommend to pin (in /etc/apt/preferences) the backports repository to
	200 so that new versions of installed  backports will be installed
	automatically.

	  Package: *
	  Pin: release a=lenny-backports
	  Pin-Priority: 200
