[[!meta date="2011-03-12 08:28:24 UTC"]]
	Mike Hommey uploaded new packages for iceweasel which fixed the
	following security problems:

	CVE-2010-1585
	   Roberto Suggi Liverani discovered that the sanitising performed by
	   ParanoidFragmentSink was incomplete.

	CVE-2011-0053
	   Crashes in the layout engine may lead to the execution of arbitrary
	   code.

	CVE-2011-0051
	   Zach Hoffmann discovered that incorrect parsing of recursive eval()
	   calls could lead to attackers forcing acceptance of a confirmation
	   dialogue.

	CVE-2011-0054, CVE-2010-0056
	   Christian Holler discovered buffer overflows in the Javascript
	   engine, which could allow the execution of arbitrary code.

	CVE-2011-0055
	   "regenrecht" and Igor Bukanov discovered a use-after-free error in
	   the JSON-Implementation, which could lead to the execution of
	   arbitrary code.

	CVE-2011-0057
	   Daniel Kozlowski discovered that incorrect memory handling the web
	   workers implementation could lead to the execution of arbitrary
	   code.

	CVE-2011-0059
	   Peleus Uhley discovered a cross-site request forgery risk in the
	   plugin code.

	For the lenny-backports distribution the problems have been fixed in
	version 3.5.16-5~bpo50+1.

	For the oldstable distribution (lenny), this problem has been fixed in
	version 1.9.0.19-8 of the xulrunner source package.

	For the stable distribution (squeeze), this problem has been fixed in
	version 3.5.16-5.

	For the unstable distribution (sid), this problem has been fixed in
	version 3.5.17-1.

	Upgrade instructions
	--------------------

	If you don't use pinning (see [1]) you have to update the package
	manually via "apt-get -t lenny-backports install <packagelist>" with
	the packagelist of your installed packages affected by this update.
	[1] <http://backports.debian.org/Instructions>

	We recommend to pin (in /etc/apt/preferences) the backports repository
	to 200 so that new versions of installed  backports will be installed
	automatically.

	  Package: *
	  Pin: release a=lenny-backports
	  Pin-Priority: 200
