[[!meta date="2011-09-06 06:10:10 UTC"]]
	Several unauthorised SSL certificates have been found in the wild issued
	for the DigiNotar Certificate Authority, obtained through a security
	compromise with said company. Debian, like other software distributors,
	has as a precaution decided to disable the DigiNotar Root CA by default
	in the NSS crypto libraries.
	
	As a result from further understanding of the incident, this update to
	DSA 2300 disables additional DigiNotar issuing certificates.
	
	For the lenny-backports distribution the problems have been fixed in
	version 3.12.8-1+squeeze3~bpo50+1.
	
	For the squeeze-backports distribution the problems have been fixed in
	version 3.12.11-3~bpo60+1.
	
	For the oldstable distribution (lenny), this problem has been fixed in
	version 3.12.3.1-0lenny6.
	
	For the stable distribution (squeeze), this problem has been fixed in
	version 3.12.8-1+squeeze3.
	
	For the unstable distribution (sid), this problem has been fixed in
	version 3.12.11-3.
	
	We recommend that you upgrade your nss packages.
	
	Upgrade instructions
	--------------------
	
	If you don't use pinning (see [1]) you have to update the package
	manually via "apt-get -t lenny-backports install <packagelist>" with
	the packagelist of your installed packages affected by this update.
	[1] <http://backports.debian.org/Instructions>
	
	We recommend to pin (in /etc/apt/preferences) the backports repository
	to 200 so that new versions of installed  backports will be installed
	automatically.
	
	  Package: *
	  Pin: release a=lenny-backports
	  Pin-Priority: 200
