	Gerfried Fuchs uploaded new packages for drupal6 which fixed the
	following security problems:

	CVE-2010-2250
	  A user-supplied value is directly output during installation allowing
	  a malicious user to craft a URL and perform a cross-site scripting
	  attack.  The exploit can only be conducted on sites not yet installed.

	CVE-2010-2471
	  The API function drupal_goto() is susceptible to a phishing attack. An
	  attacker could formulate a redirect in a way that gets the Drupal site
	  to send the user to an arbitrarily provided URL. No user submitted
	  data will be sent to that URL.

	CVE-2010-2472
	  Locale module and dependent contributed modules do not sanitize the
	  display of language codes, native and English language names properly.
	  While these usually come from a preselected list, arbitrary
	  administrator input is allowed. This vulnerability is mitigated by the
	  fact that the attacker must have a role with the 'administer
	  languages' permission.

	CVE-2010-2473
	  Under certain circumstances, a user with an open session that is
	  blocked can maintain his/her session on the Drupal site, despite being
	  blocked.

	CVE-2010-3091
	  The OpenID module in Drupal 6.x before 6.18, and the OpenID module 5.x
	  before 5.x-1.4 for Drupal, violates the OpenID 2.0 protocol by not
	  verifying the openid.return_to value, which allows remote attackers to
	  bypass authentication by leveraging an assertion from an OpenID
	  provider.

	CVE-2010-3092
	  The upload module in Drupal 5.x before 5.23 and 6.x before 6.18 does
	  not properly support case-insensitive filename handling in a database
	  configuration, which allows remote authenticated users to bypass the
	  intended restrictions on downloading a file by uploading a different
	  file with a similar name.

	CVE-2010-3093
	  The comment module in Drupal 5.x before 5.23 and 6.x before 6.18
	  allows remote authenticated users with certain privileges to bypass
	  intended access restrictions and reinstate removed comments via a
	  crafted URL, related to an "unpublishing bypass" issue.

	CVE-2010-3094
	  Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Drupal 6.x
	  before 6.18 allow remote authenticated users with certain privileges
	  to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) an action description,
	  (2) an action message, (3) a node, or (4) a taxonomy term, related to
	  the actions feature and the trigger module.

	CVE-2010-3685
	  The OpenID module in Drupal 6.x before 6.18, and the OpenID module 5.x
	  before 5.x-1.4 for Drupal, violates the OpenID 2.0 protocol by not
	  checking for reuse of openid.response_nonce values, which allows
	  remote attackers to bypass authentication by leveraging an assertion
	  from an OpenID provider.

	CVE-2010-3686
	  The OpenID module in Drupal 6.x before 6.18, and the OpenID module 5.x
	  before 5.x-1.4 for Drupal, violates the OpenID 2.0 protocol by not
	  ensuring that fields are signed, which allows remote attackers to
	  bypass authentication by leveraging an assertion from an OpenID
	  provider.

	For the lenny-backports distribution the problems have been fixed in
	version 6.18-1~bpo50+1.

	For the unstable (sid) and testing (squeeze) distributions, the problems
	have been fixed in version 6.18-1.

	Upgrade instructions
	--------------------

	If you don't use pinning (see [1]) you have to update the package
	manually via "apt-get -t lenny-backports install <packagelist>" with
	the packagelist of your installed packages affected by this update.
	[1] <http://backports.debian.org/Instructions>

	We recommend to pin the backports repository to 200 so that new
	versions of installed  backports will be installed automatically.

	  Package: *
	  Pin: release a=lenny-backports
	  Pin-Priority: 200
