	 The Backports Team is pleased to announce the availability of a new
	suite on backports: lenny-backports-sloppy.  Please read carefully
	before considering using or uploading to it what this entails.


	The Background
	==============

	 You might want to ask: What's that?  Let me explain it.  During the etch
	release discussions popped up on the backports list with two clashing
	groups:

	 * One that expected to always be able to upgrade from sarge +
	   sarge-backports to etch without backports,
	 * others that wanted new versions of packages flowing in even after the
	   release and were happy to upgrade from sarge + sarge-backports to etch +
	   etch-backports.

	 The standing at that time was to accept packages that were in testing
	after the release, which wasn't etch anymore but lenny.

	 The same discussion started again before the lenny release, and given that
	we are facing the upcoming squeeze release we started internally to discuss
	how to noise down these long and tedious discussions, because both groups
	of people had valid opinions that shouldn't get ignored. So this is where
	the idea for lenny-backports-sloppy comes from.

	The Change
	==========

	 lenny-backports-sloppy will please the group that is happy to upgrade from
	lenny + lenny-backports to squeeze + squeeze-backports.  lenny-backports is
	meant only for packages from squeeze, even after the release.  Technically
	that means it will get locked down for uploads after the release of squeeze
	and require manual approval (for e.g. point release update versions, or
	security updates that happen during the squeeze release cycle), while
	lenny-backports-sloppy will accept packages from wheezy.  Uploading to
	lenny-backport will have to get approved by the Debian Backports Team after
	the squeeze release, just like uploads to lenny are currently approved by
	the Release Team.

	 While lenny-backports-sloppy is created already and working we ask you to
	NOT upload packages there without prior discussion with the Backports Team.
	This is meant to ensure that the Uploader is aware about the expectations
	that come along with that:  The package should have a good chance to get
	included in the next Debian release aka wheezy, and that the Uploader is
	willing to look after the package in the upcoming squeeze-backports suite
	after the release of squeeze to ensure upgradeability.

	 In case of questions, feel free to ask either directly on the
	debian-backports@lists.debian.org mailinglist, or contact
	backports-team@debian.org privately.

	 We are also pleased to annonce that the first upload to
	lenny-backports-sloppy already happened. From now on you will be able
	to install Postgresql 9.0 (which is not targeted at squeeze) from
	lenny-backports-sloppy.


	How to use
	==========

	 If you want to use lenny-backports-sloppy you will have to add both
	lenny-backports and lenny-backports-sloppy to your sources.list. Backports
	from lenny-backports-sloppy may depend on packages in lenny-backports.

	  deb http://backports.debian.org/debian-backports lenny-backports   main
	  deb http://backports.debian.org/debian-backports lenny-backports-sloppy main

