	The backports team is proud to announce the next generation of backports:
	squeeze-backports.  From now on all contributors will be able to upload
	backports of packages available in wheezy (testing) to squeeze-backports.
	Additionally the previously announced lenny-backports-sloppy is now officially
	open for uploads.

	To ensure the basic principle that a system consisting of lenny plus
	lenny-backports can be upgraded to squeeze proper, the handling of the
	lenny-backports branch has changed.  From now on uploads to lenny-backports
	need manual approval from a backports team member similar to the handling of
	the proposed-updates queue within the regular archive. Feel free to upload
	packages here, especially security updates to previously backported versions,
	but please ensure the versions are lower than those in stable /
	stable-security.

	If you feel the need of newer versions for lenny than which are available in
	squeeze, please do upload them to lenny-backports-sloppy.  The rules for this
	suite are practically the same as for squeeze-backports:  Do base your uploads
	on packages available in testing (wheezy) and build them in the appropriate
	environment.

	Please remember when using lenny-backports-sloppy you can't easily upgrade to a
	plain squeeze.  This suite is specificly meant to contain newer versions than
	squeeze.  While the aim is to only carry packages that will also be provided in
	squeeze-backports for upgrade possibilities, we can't guarantee that, so be
	careful.

	User visible change to squeeze-backports
	---------------------------------------- 
	As the apt maintainers had been so kind to introduce a new archive wide option
	in squeeze, the usage of backports.debian.org is easier than ever before:  In
	the past you had to explicitly configure pinning for the backports repository
	to enjoy the full feature set including upgrades to new versions of packages
	you had installed from there.  As this is cumbersome, errorprone and a nuisance
	this new setting got introduced.  With this feature backports get handled in a
	way that updates for packages installed from squeeze-backports will happen out
	of the box.

	And last but definitely not least, let us send a big "thank you" to all
	contributors that backports.debian.org enjoys to have - you made it possible to
	serve more than 1400 binary packages through 837 source backports since
	lenny-backports got kicked into life.  Keep up the good work.

	Thank you very much!
